Moody
th
Yeah yeah yeah
Yes Hello Good evening Good morning is mer
I'm always doing that Nico Nico live broadcast today
8 During Nico Nico live broadcast well
that this time Kedomo I drink is no alcohol
I would like to do a product review of no alcohol beer
Will Regards I will So today ask
Contact is the tea I have drank always what this delicious is the guy I Yes go here
Let's go
Bang Bang Bang Bang Bar
Oh
Asagi is when
Normal face calorie zero sugar zero
Freezing point score Yes
Freezing point storage method
Because the opposite year February
Let me know
Yeah yeah yeah
Ha
I hope you will
me
Hey
Really Yeah Te Biru' time that something like but it is feeling do this no beer
The taste is true beer 8 bitter and bitter
Yumi
Where's the astringent and bitter taste so strong and it's like you got it
Is very oc carbonate stronger
Because bitterness falls because it is carbonation of strength
And there are 4 minutes so it's very close to beer .
This exploration in February this time
Can not collect
I think you I thought I knob you never I thought to this
eh
Here is the snack of this time Raister
Bean 100% b 's
You will Let's embrace is not Chao cat
Hmmm
Yup
Yeah this is delicious salty
The taste of the beans is also Amami tonma
How is the taste
It is very tasty got to spread in the star which goes to beer
Hmm
Ah ah ah ah
And why I ask a lot but
Why I have a well-hit question say no alcohol beer I'm selfish
The alcohol in each company is not good
Kedomo'm nostalgic It's alcohol level based on
Bakkon Bacco synchronization is it not rest a little I sync
My heart beats fast and does n't settle
It is also ne bread
If you drink it, something will be upset.
Beer of bitterness also Kedomo'm it in
I love the 4 pairs
So sometime there is written that it is zero, but there is some inclusion.
Alcohol and drink it a great weak non-alcoholic beer and love this taste
The carbonic acid cat's moon
Made to this important
I thought Yeah Kore
It goes out to various sound companies
Old suction Mr. Toka Neun
Although I said it, I compared it to all but drinking
After all I feel that it is close to the dry zero child market beer of this morning's cat
And carbonation is strong
Morning sun
If you do not Taman have super dry Ma carbonate second jerk and come feel this is de
Best this is I love Desun
Want
Please keep this cold
That bath up
It's delicious because it's delicious. It's surprisingly cheap.
no alcohol 350ml and one of my supermarkets
It is 350 ml at one cheap supermarket
90 yen
And this 2 minutes It is Ozawa was attached to this big No ne person adult 100
38 It is cheaper than you You're so cheap Junsu are about 140 yen
With the ambition to make junk or space normally
Yeah I think it a very Hey Well, heh act to the economic cost performance
Oh dear
Let's become a customer for both sides of this beer
It is with 120 yen at 350
Such a feeling this time I 'm sorry I'm sorry day map so now tax reduction
It's 10:42 in the morning, but it's not that I'm drunk, I guess I can't say that
You can see the feeling of going
I also drink alcohol
Now that we entered it is entered slightly its slightly to that spirit to those who are Paia
You can see how many cottages you like to lift
Oh unexpected and was delicious this time is coming
Hey!
Product introduction here
no alcohol
Here Asagi Tuwa one hand etc. to buy normal
I great and this amazing be calorie zero'm calories
If here I was introduce me to death
Where and again we will see you in the next video Nico Nico Live
good bye
Hey I Nau
Thank you for watching until the end if it is good
happy if you are able to register with the have been made line and towards the twitter
is
Last but not least Channel registration
a If you have the latest video information etc
Such information can be checked about people, so if you are good the channel registration
Or I wish my best regards
stay
Let's meet again in the next video
I wonder just